com/b1/ministore/entities/DiscountDeal.java
 com.b1.ministore.entities.DiscountDeal
com/b1/ministore/api/UpdateProductRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.UpdateProductRequest
com/b1/ministore/controllers/DeleteProductRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.controllers.DeleteProductRequest
com/b1/ministore/daos/ShoppingCartDAO.java
 com.b1.ministore.daos.ShoppingCartDAO
com/b1/ministore/api/NewDealResponse.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.NewDealResponse
com/b1/ministore/services/ShoppingCartService.java
 com.b1.ministore.services.ShoppingCartService
com/b1/ministore/daos/DealDAO.java
 com.b1.ministore.daos.DealDAO
com/b1/ministore/api/CreateBundleDealRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CreateBundleDealRequest
com/b1/ministore/api/UpdateProductItemsRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.UpdateProductItemsRequest
com/b1/ministore/api/CreateProductResponse.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CreateProductResponse
com/b1/ministore/controllers/ProductManagementController.java
 com.b1.ministore.controllers.ProductManagementController
com/b1/ministore/api/UpdateProductResponse.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.UpdateProductResponse
com/b1/ministore/api/CheckoutItem.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CheckoutItem
com/b1/ministore/services/ProductManagementService.java
 com.b1.ministore.services.ProductManagementService
com/b1/ministore/api/CheckoutResponse.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CheckoutResponse
com/b1/ministore/entities/Deal.java
 com.b1.ministore.entities.Deal
com/b1/ministore/api/RemoveDealRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.RemoveDealRequest
com/b1/ministore/api/CreateProductRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CreateProductRequest
com/b1/ministore/services/PaymentService.java
 com.b1.ministore.services.PaymentService
com/b1/ministore/controllers/DealsManagementController.java
 com.b1.ministore.controllers.DealsManagementController
com/b1/ministore/daos/ProductDAO.java
 com.b1.ministore.daos.ProductDAO
com/b1/ministore/api/NewDealRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.NewDealRequest
com/b1/ministore/api/CheckoutRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CheckoutRequest
com/b1/ministore/entities/Product.java
 com.b1.ministore.entities.Product
com/b1/ministore/entities/ShoppingCart.java
 com.b1.ministore.entities.ShoppingCart
com/b1/ministore/entities/BundleDeal.java
 com.b1.ministore.entities.BundleDeal
com/b1/ministore/controllers/ShoppingCartController.java
 com.b1.ministore.controllers.ShoppingCartController
com/b1/ministore/services/DealsManagementService.java
 com.b1.ministore.services.DealsManagementService
com/b1/ministore/controllers/PaymentController.java
 com.b1.ministore.controllers.PaymentController
com/b1/ministore/api/CreateDiscountDealRequest.java
 com.b1.ministore.api.CreateDiscountDealRequest
com/b1/ministore/MiniStoreApplication.java
 com.b1.ministore.MiniStoreApplication
